IMPLEMENTED:
character selection
races and forces
attribute system
modes
terrain transition
saving
tiring
hunger and thirst

terrain types (adding modes)
terrain modal interaction (force,form,terrain alignment)

random terrain generation
zarejda se matricata s ravnomeren pulnej ot 33% NOC i posle se izbirat sluchaini mesta
s razlichna sila koqto ses dobavq kum izbranoto mqsto i susednite s gradient spored 
razstoqnieto. Primer: Izbira se mqstoto [10,10] sus sila +40%N, gradienta e 10%.
 Tova mqsto stava (73% N, 13%C, 13%O), direktno prilejashite mu mesta (na razstoqnie 1 -
[9,10],[10,9],[10,11] i [11,10]) stavat +30%N (63%N,18%OC),tezi na razstoqnie 2
(vkliuchitelno prilejashtite po diagonala kato [9,9]-razstoqnieto po dvete osi se subira)
stavat +20% (53%N,23%CO) i tezi na 3 +10% (43%N, 28%CO). Po-golemi razmeri na kartata
pozvolqvat po-plavni gradienti (nujni li sa?). Namalenieto na drugite dve sili e ednakvo
ako ima kakvo da se namalqva. Tova znachi che e vuzmojno da se padne ognishte na 30% haos v
sledvashtata stupka vurhu tova na prirodata, i (73% N, 13%C, 13%O) da stane (56%N,43%C,0%O),
toest e vuzmojno da se poluchi koncentraciq na dve sili.

Za temperaturata se izbira sluchaino na sever li da se uvelichava ili na iug i se razpredelq
gradient v tazi posoka ot 0-30% do 70-100% (sluchaino se izbirat granicite). Otdelno ima shans
za postavqne na ezero ili reka vuv vsqko mqsto.

Za da se opredeli kude ima selishta se postavqt i tochki na po-visoka naselenost (zaedno
s temperaturata) i se pravi sushtiq gradient. Ako naselenostta e nad 50 se slagat kushti,
po edna na vseki 5% nad 50. Ostanalata chast se ostavq na 0.Pri naselenost pod 20 se poqvqva
vuzmojnost za jivotni ili chudovishta, spored tova dali prirodata ili haosa sa po-silni.
Pri naselenost nad 20 mogat da se sreshtnat sushtestva ot preobladavashtite sili, kato
ako ima kushti se postavqt i postoqnno jiveeshti sushtestva.

race locking
battle effects (force,form,terrain alignment)
battle loot(items by race,skins,meat for food)
starting inventories
items in generated houses
enemy path algorithm
race skill tags
bows
stealth
turns as a clock with daytime - day and night
(2400 turns=1 day,1200 turns day and 1200 turns night)
Early morning	200	topaz
Morning		200	emerald
Midday		150	opal
High noon	100	ruby
Afternoon	150	amethyst
Early evening	200	lapis lazuli
Evening		200	aquamarine
After dark	250	tourmaline
Deep night	300	garnet
Midnight	100	sapphire
After midnight	300	diamond
Before dawn	250	turquoise

creatures shooting bows
animal taming
animal commands - stay,guard,follow(+changing places)
animal manipulations - feeding(feeding effect on behaviour),farming
animal manipulations - riding
-increases backpack space but not total max, adds the weight allowance of the creature (STRx2) to the backpack.
-can't fight while riding
-dismounts by sitting
-When dismounted removes all excess weight starting from the bottom of the inventory;
-adds speed at the rate of one step until the ride is hungry;

crafting (all races)
make modifications to items while crafting by adding materials
other creation skills - building(changes population), smithing,
			growing(dryad,growing trees/bushes/grass)
fairy1:
-fairy invisibility flower crown
fairy2:
-midnight crown (natrupva strah u sushtestvata koito sa naokolo i ne q vijdat; nosi se samo prez noshtta i trae edna nosht)
-day crown (dava defense kato bonusa e max po obqd i ako ne nosi nishto drugo osven edno orujie;
nosi se samo prez denq i trae edin den)
-Ring of Winter/Summer (does not drain energy on snow/sand)
fairy3:
-Dress of the Fae (vrushta shteti na vraga i pravi drugite efekti vechni)

resetting trade items the creatures have
item value for trading (+haggling prices based on Int&Cre)

spirit of nature2:
-possessing animals - can walk around in them, then attack things with them
-unpossess by sitting ('s')
spirit of nature3:
-nature impact from assuming a form
- then learn to assume their form without the animal (has bonuses), then act as
  a wild animal to be tamed by a human (+N for the place). Animal forms are contained in a totem
  made from a staff, carrying the additional effects of the form. Using the totem from the inventory
  imparts the form to the player (generating a temporary possessed creature?)
-animal form feeding (herbivore/carnivore) (gives form when possessing) +messages for each animal


***TOTEMS ACCUMULATE ANIMAL FORMS AND HAVE TEMP ATTRIBUTES ACCORDING TO THEM.
WHEN A TOTEM IS EQUIPPED THE ATTR ARE ADDED/SUBSTRACTED. IF AN ANIMAL IS POSSESSED THE
ATTR ARE STRIPPED FROM THE TOTEM. WHEN THE ANIMAL IS UNPOSSESSED THE ATTR OF THE PLAYER ARE RESTORED
TO THE MAX AND THOSE OF THE TOTEM ARE RECALCULATED ON TAKE OFF! A TOTEM CAN BE USED TO TRANSFORM
ONLY ONCE, THEN IT NEEDS TO BE CHARGED BY POSESSING THE CREATURE WHILE THE TOTEM IS EQUIPPED.
Each action accumulates form up to a maximum- 33% for moving, 66% for combat, 100% for animal feeding?***

DOING:
gnome use of gemstones:
- stones are "returned to nature" in the propper manner and bestow the respective effect:
*diamond - dropped in water or a well, increases the treasure modifier of the place by 1
*emerald - dropped in the grass imbues the gnome with the force of Nature and maxes out his life
*sapphire - dropped on ice/snow does ice damage to hostiles in sight based on gnome force
*ruby - dropped in fire does fire damage to all hostiles in sight based on gnome force
pearl - dropped in magic water turns into a different gemstone depending on the time of day (see chart)
*amethyst - used inside a stone marks/unmarks the spot so that the gnome can return there with a lapis.
*topaz - when used restores the gnome's energy to max
*tourmaline - makes a slab of stone rise from the ground, encapsulating the gnome as it comes up
*garnet - makes a flash and sound that scares away any animals that may be around (hostile -> fearful)
*aquamarine - dropped on the ground makes a small spring come up and form a water pond
*opal - used inside a mossy rock formation teleports the gnome to another mossy rock formation in the area at random
*turquoise - dropped in water makes the spot magical
lapis lazuli - 1) If used in a rock that is not marked with an amethyst it transports the gnome to the
	marked rock immediately and is destroyed.
	2) If it is used in the rock marked with an amethyst it
	drops the gnome into the ground.
	This is a *mossy* rock filled area underground, accessible from every rock in the universe. During
	this time the gnome rests better, so he can spend a long time there and walk around. There are
	other gnomes in the area, living in houses hollowed out in the stone. Leaving is done by using the
	lapis again. This is the only stone that is not consumed. The greater the gnomes power, the more
	chaotic rocks he can use to "go under" (based on area chaos).
	3) Finally if used without a marked stone a gnome3 can enter an underground chamber
	of the spirits, where a battle decides the balance of the world.


talking with creatures(news,trade(gain Order),quest) (init_screen.talk)
- merchant NPCs:sell a certain item cheaper, do not buy it, buy something else for more but don't sell it back
add cloth as material - can be bought from NPCs?

race skills (including creature skills)

	  done:		Skill levels:	Trade&Learn:
	human 		1 2 3
	dwarf 		1 2 3
	spirit of order	1   3

	ork 			1 2
	troll 		1 2
	spirit of chaos 1 2
	goblin		1 2
	kraken 		1 2
	imp 			1

	elf 			1 2 3		T&L
	gnome 		1'2'		T&L
	spirit of nature1 2 3		T&L
	dryad			1 2 3		T&L
	water elemental 1 2 3		L
	fairy			1 2 3		T&L


BUGS:
- sometimes shooting a bow on the same path that just killed a creature tries to kill the non-existent creature again
- dodging an arrow prevents the @ from being redrawn!

TO DO:
Separate interface (inv/equipment) and real time (combat,ambient) messages
Ambient messages!
Make T a property of Game.
Remove print statements from message funcs
Get a separate console for the combat buffer so there is no pausing?
unknownB_terrain() is unfinished! (Balance battleground underground gnome lapis)
Terrain seems to be drawn twice at the start!
Item subclasses (of Item) for the item lists so that the manual listing is not necessary!
More flowers in the item duplication func
More engraved items in loot generations
Smarter player inventory (adding/removing functions to replace redundant code)
IO function to replace all letter-by-letter writing parts
Better message prioritization system (combat buffer vs messages)
Some messages that require a y/n answer are in other categories and the y/n code repeats all over the place! There's a message.choise!
Not all NPC races should fire ranged weapons!
Creatures should be able to fire at other creatures!
Cooperative mode with pinging the computers of players and scaling dangers accordingly
Real line of sight - graying out, no object can be "looked at" beyond LOS
Game end: The character enters a hidden chamber underground, where a battle of the spirits is fought.
	The spirits' strength is according to the condition of the world up top.
	The chamber can be reached only through the final stages of race development,
	different for each race!
	Spirit strength and force population are calculated based on the world and govern the number
	of creatures of each force, and it's spiritual manifestation in the form of bolts of lightning, friendly
	healing or deadly chaos vortex things, to name a few. The strength of both the creatures and the
	spiritual manifestation is determined by the highest available force level in the world for the
	respective force.
	The area is reset every time the player leaves it, so the best way to impact it is through fighting
	the enemy forces up in the world, so the battle is not so hard when the player goes in there.
digging underground - Order/Chaos restricted activity to search for long lost tombs and cities/weapons and powers
NPCs sleep at night
declutter items on ground after time has passed
automatic interaction mode - while walking every spot the character steps on is treated automatically with
 his current mode. Doesnt work when no movement is done, or when there are hostiles nearby. Sitting pauses it for
 resting. Turns off automatically when tired and doesnt fire if the spot has already been worked on
more animal spawns?
foraging in jungle tiles spawns animals
magic
every item should be accessible
different properties of items made with different materials
other skills(lockpick za treasure chests,herbalism,magic)
character screen(powers,weapon skill,skills,vid na geroq spored rasite koito pritejava i totemite koito polzva)
inventory/chest/pickup/creation scrolling or item number restriction
game logo (startup screen, the three forces in balance)

EXTRAS:
killing builds fear in those who witness it and some in general(crits and specials add extra)
rumours
paths between house doors in villages
fairy flower clothing may give additional bonuses for being made out of specific flowers (and not just wild ones)
riding certain animals as a racial trait/skill
cooking-recipes
themed NPCs with altered stats (goblin shaman, elf warrior,...)
non-hostile NPCs may work on the terrain too (plowing,removing bushes,digging through bones...)
locked doors
locked chests in houses
Readme - how to get materials
Meeting the worlds spirits - Nature,Order,Chaos, and making one of them the strongest. Then jumping to another world. When
on the spot where the spirit resides there are random environment messages to make it look alive.
various animals
various items(herb/flower/vegetable names)
various recipes for cooking
special item effects (seed of life(mass_creation-trees+flowers+grass+spirit of Nature skill 3=total chaos removal,terrain allignment=N100),
                      earth ore)